hey guys this is IX Rolodex with
instructions for Lego transformers Kai's
or before we get started there are a
couple of things I would like to address
first of all there's a lot of confusion
and some people seem to think that this
is Grimlock it isn't Grimlock now you
can build this model and consider it
Grimlock by all means do whatever you
want but keep in mind that was not the
intention this is an original character
ii do note that these instructions are
for the latest version of the model and
he looks a bit different here than he
did in the original showcase video he
has since been changed in a few ways
mostly to facilitate his contribution to
the combiner sky terre king all that
said let's jump right in
we're going to be building it in
sections section 1 will be the arms
section to the legs section 3 the sides
of the body
section 4 the top of the dinosaur head
and the robot head and section 5 the
waist we're going to start by doing a
parts count for each section later in
the video we'll build up each section
individually before putting the whole
thing together here are all the parts
you'll need for section 1 for the arms
feel free to pause if you need time to
look for all of the pieces now just like
on quick stop kaiser uses a couple of
older style hinges that are out of
production you won't find them on any
newer lego sets if you don't have them
already you're probably going to need to
look for them on brick link but they
aren't too difficult to find fortunately
in this case they aren't essential to
the transformation so they can be easily
substituted here
the parts you'll need for section two
the legs section three the sides of the
body section for the top of the dinosaur
head and finally section five the waist
I know there's a lot of pieces in this
particular section but just do your best
to find all three of them with all of
that out of the way
finally let's begin building Keisel
we're starting with the arms
simply mirror the build for the second
one next we'll build the legs
both of the legs are actually identical
so just build a second one of those now
we'll build these sides of the body just
mirror the build for the second half
next we'll build the majority of the
Dino and robot mode heads and finally
arguably the trickiest section of them
all the waist this might take a while so
bear with me
oh I almost broke a sweat now all that's
left to do is assemble the sections and
there you have Lego transformers Kai's
or if you haven't already don't forget
to watch the original video where i
showcase this guy for comprehensive
transformation steps while he's built
slightly differently in one or two
places the transformation remains the
same also make sure to check out the
video for Sky Terra King for steps on
how to get Kai's ore into his third mode
for the combination links to both videos
will be in the description last but not
least if you do build this creation for
yourself don't forget to give me credit
I'd really appreciate that so that is
about it guys in this is iyx Rolodex
signing off